Add first draft of EN reward misspecification page (#37)
simpleaisafety/simpleaisafety: content/en/posts/reward-misspecification.md

Say we ask somebody to get us a coffee. This sounds simple, but there are actually a lot of implicit constraints. E.g. it may be acceptable for the person (or AI) to spend a bit of money to achieve the goal - but probably not $50. We implicitly hope that this action will take no more than a few minutes. Also it should happen without any significant collateral damage and without leaving the kitchen in a mess. In [The Hidden Complexity of Wishes](https://www.lesswrong.com/posts/4ARaTpNX62uaL86j6/the-hidden-complexity-of-wishes), Eliezer Yudkowsky states that "There is no safe wish smaller than an entire human morality". This basically explains the problem with specifying reward functions: in principle, we have to make all our implicit constraints explicit in order to create a reward function that doesn't lead to undesirable outcomes when plugging it into an optimization process.

> While the above example may sound a bit theoretical, there's actually a lot of documented cases where reward misspecification actually caused AIs to be have in unexpected and undesirable ways.

Author: ```suggestion
While the above example may sound a bit theoretical, there's actually a lot of documented cases where reward misspecification actually caused AIs to behave in unexpected and undesirable ways.
```
